well how's it going family how are you I hope
you're having a spectacular start to the
week it's Tuesday
today Antonio David is back on YouTube
let's see what's on tonight
Antonia Vide is back on YouTube because
every time Antonio David has a
more or less important live show his
wife is dancing and she's going on about it do you remember that
night when we did Antonio de there have been
a series of live shows together me on his
channel and there was one night that was super
awkward because I had no choice but to
ask him what he thought about what his
girlfriend was doing who had been
wandering around the sets of Sálvame on
visits with Kiko Hernández I'm telling him the
truth
so you can talk too but let's
see I'm not going to tell them that they're going to tell you that you have
n't seen you've seen the
last three days of television of
Sálvame no one taking away let's see how I
tell you this that if you don't want to go into
detail and if you don't want to get into the
factory game
neither party should get into the factory game
so that's why  I was asking before, would it be
good or bad for
someone around you to be on good
terms with someone who has hurt you so much,
well, they had even made fun of
him right to Mars's face, Marta
allowed it, no, well, it just reminded me of
that moment, but today, Marta, if she messed up
yesterday, today she is really messing up, I mean,
not that her temper has cooled down,
but today she is really messing up and she is
messing things up more, so of course, I asked myself,
Antonia, seen consenting to this because
clearly, Antonio had yesterday uploaded the
video back from
Marta's terrace, I'm going to put you in context a little,
okay, for those who haven't noticed,
hey, one thing, for those who are watching
this, it is deferred, okay, let it be very
clear that I have now committed that
the live shows and the content will more or less
have a direct schedule of interest to the
CEO from 8 to 10 at night, a
fixed schedule, if I don't show up one day
because I have taken it off because there are
not enough topics or whatever, and
in the canijo it will be from 11 to  one and
of course I'm going to try also
almost every day there's a video on the
main channel happy is the next one
marta risks
with a tweet that I would like to know how she
feels with this tweet I don't know if it's that
the girl spends all day
looking for her name on the internet that in the
end would not be anything wrong but it
could be that and that well in the end it's not
healthy because you keep finding
comments that you don't like finding I do it
many times I recognize
this in the end for my mental health it's the
worst because I can get angrier I
can behave in another way so I have
stopped doing it marta
comes across this tweet from a flyer
who by the way sometimes they make very
good videos okay I don't mind saying it
although sometimes I get really hard
but hey listen to me I like to be
given a hard time and don't take the
literal ones because I know you I think
Antonio David is lucky very lucky to have
found Olga Moreno who doesn't
want to be in the spotlight and truly loves
David and Rocío Flores because if he had found someone
else he would have a lot of
headaches this  it is as it is, I mean, she didn't
take a single comma away from what Carmen has written
up to here from what she is going to
write next, I mean, she didn't
take a single comma away from what she says, it's real, if
Antonio David had been
married for 20 years to someone else,
surely the situation
in Abbey right now would be a bit
on the ground too, on the ground
because someone else might have come out to
tell things well, as they have gone on to
put it green, to destroy it
completely and even capable of even
running hand in hand with Rocío Carrasco, no,
this is how it is, I mean, people and for everything and it is
very difficult in life to find
good people, to find people like Olga Moreno
is very lucky, Antonio David Yates
is incredibly lucky and he
knows it, we hope Carmen hasn't said
anything bad or a lie here, I don't doubt that
Marta Riesgo in Olga's place would have
allowed her peace of mind because I don't
understand what problem she has with this
tweet from Carmen when it is literally true, I mean,
literally, the first thing is that
everyone is within their right to
doubt whoever they want  and
especially if you are a media personality and
controversial the second thing with respect to the
characters I do not know them in personal life
I can give my opinion I have the right to
think no my mind would do it even if it
were prohibited I do not know I have the
right to trust one more to have a
better image of another whatever no
then Marta Riesgo is a very
good person image recently of Gomez well
recently she made a
huge mistake that I am going to do it but I hope that
tomorrow it comes out that Anthony
Davis was behind that mistake because
the truth is that it is going to disappoint a
lot of people and it was that thing with the
security cameras at that restaurant do
you remember or so they looked
like [ __ ] and there
David's two acts disappeared and later they
disappeared from the networks there is that they
made a mistake but let's go they
looked like [ __ ] I am
completely sure that maybe
something did happen yes there was a little joke
between the reading director and Rocío
Carrasco against Marta Riesgo but there what
I think happened is that Marta Riesgo
Antona I saw that week was passing  of her ass she
didn't want to get back with her and to get the
other's attention to get him back
with her she did that that's what she exaggerated and she lied
directly she lied she asked her
lying she said she had an ace up her
sleeve it's been almost a year I don't know
how many months have passed it's been a
hundred a year it's been half a year
and marta gets very indignant with this
message these types of comments are starting to be put
against her
because the other because the other has talked
about me because the other I don't know what because the
other or I know how much in a very
derogatory way towards something dark and
bragging about her studies bragging about
the career the job that she has managed to
have how good that she has managed to
have a job honey but that the
career and the studies are often not
all of you have reminded me but you
have to remember the chassis and the whole
truth sonsoles ónega started talking
live it is not known with whom there are
many people who think that with fidel and
sonsoles confirmed that conversation and
since then sonsoles suddenly did not
appear again on telecinco she
also did not say that she had a bad time after she
made contracts with antena3 but watch out  of
the coincidences align dare and in a
tremendous way but well the thing is
not the thing the thing is that yesterday there was
a series of comments I will be
putting here on the screen more or less if you
want you can stop the screen and you
can read whatever you want okay
but basically far from calming down
during the night and consult
the pillow
or Antonio David seeing what was formed
yesterday having given Vélez a touch
made by dyn listen to me relax leave
twitter okay you dedicate yourself to the videos
that you have now become unique and so on
leave twitter because you are messing
with the mother of my daughter and I have a
very cordial relationship with the mother of my
daughter she is the woman who loved or who has
raised my two children she has loved them
like a mother to the other two and every
two weeks I am in Malaga pasta with
my children leave the cell phone and everything okay but
no I bet anything that this will
cost Marta a lot of trouble not knowing
Anthony Davis as I know him this will
cost Marta a lot of trouble  ccoo
fighting with Mr. Peter well
and he's posted bad comments about the
Blue Tide the Blue Tide that movement
that is dedicated to insulting me harassing me and
leaving me with the movement is not dedicated to
that beautiful the movement is dedicated to
protecting people from harassment
okay I also remember that there were some
occasions in which Marta Riesgo was defended
okay do you remember when now on
Javier exploded that afternoon in a
live broadcast that Antonio called the abuser the penalty I
don't know how many times and he
exploded against Marta El Riesgo he has
threatened with good sibilantly not
veiled threatening to burn you I was
not going to step foot on Telecinco anymore you know
how you are a cheater well how to handle
history your whim you see that he commented to me it
is a lectern it was a hotel unit I
reaffirm it was nourished with z no affection
our no then with z no affection with
c grant me affection and that you are going to kick me out and
that I have little time left here but let's see
you are stupid by stock is your level of
reading comprehension where are you do you
remember that afternoon that is ear  well it
exploded that they laughed at Marta they
called her she was nourished with she is well that
afternoon if I remember correctly we defended her I
have a video on my main channel
the báculos what is her name but it was an
afternoon that I don't see how she fed on
Marta riesgo and if I remember correctly there we
defended her when we are
public figures well these things happen the
opinions the criticisms they also
make me green many times and I take it
differently okay sometimes I get
angry other times I cry other times I laugh okay
but there is one thing that I
almost told you in response to the tweet
and I'm going to read it now but man you don't
want to enter into comparisons
but sincerely heart what
you've been doing in the last hours does
not benefit you at all you don't
think you are coming across well or as
cool or cool nothing benefits you and
it does not benefit Antonio David either
and man if we enter into comparisons
this lamentable spectacle that you
have given us today on social networks
Olga Moreno has never done it
then there is already an
important difference the truth is quite important
at these moments the tide  blue that
movement that is dedicated to insulting me
harassing me and leaving me comparing myself to
my boyfriend's ex while waving a flag in the
movement against media harassment and on social
networks what is my fault that my
boyfriend fell in love with me and started a
relationship with me man Marta well
love in love nobody is to blame honey
in love nobody is to blame now
I hope that relationship will begin
with the marriage separated as you said
there well no equally no no the fault
the fault would be on the one who has the one who has
the partner the one who has the partner it
would be ugly on her part but well
the fault would be on the one who has the
partner we are not going to blame
her for what he does we are going to be
fair no but here I do answer you
in a way that if I am completely
right okay and here you cannot contradict me you
began the relationship with
your boyfriend laughing with the people who
were slandering him and now you are going to
end it giving the lamentable
spectacle that he is giving
messing with his family the
comparisons are odious but you are
doing everything that  she has
never done it and I have made a ratio for her, do you know what
a ratio is? I'm going to teach you the
lordship the youtuber language and a ratio
is when someone posts a tweet a tweet
that she expects to be very powerful or that it
's very close to someone or whatever it is
and suddenly another one comes along and gives it a
traka traka a response that she
based on
repercussions and on life okay well look
a little while ago look what
surprises me that you have these 110 likes do
you know why this
tweet has 110 likes well it has 110 likes because
with this Marta what she has
achieved is that the fuchsia tide is
sharing today literally literally and
objectively okay Marta bursts the
blue pond says master Joe and
answers here Enrique Enrique we
send you a huge kiss and if someone does
n't know Enrique Garcia well they are already
subscribing to his channel okay yes
because no matter how hard you try you can't do it
well I don't know if the master I
speak will try or he won't try or at
least  consciously but the teacher is already
regrettable or rather the teacher has already run away
with channel was every time
we have challenged him to a debate and he
even ended up blocking me on twitter
simply because of the sacks that I told him
basically what
Marta Riesgo has done with her little girl tantrum
has been to give wings and feed
the
fuchsia tide worth one hundred percent a fuchsia tide one hundred
percent a fuchsia tide that makes me laugh
a lot because it is a
fuchsia tide that breaks its face for Rocío
Carrasco but nevertheless Rocío Carrasco does
not remember it much today today
to Rosa to be built for the
Pink Tide I will wash Rosa ha ha ha well
Marta Riesgo with this tantrum what you have
achieved in the end is that the
faces remove applaud that we are the
laughing stock of the faces remove or rather that is
already [ __ ] up no but yes yes later it is
that she has achieved it and I am going to
explain to us what is the exclusive that they have
given me but on this occasion I
have to say that it is a rumor okay on
some occasions when the  information
comes to me from a very very very
reliable source and I fully trust that I
have verified it or the person who
gave it to me has verified it and I can put my
hand in the fire you know that throws me into
the pool and I say this is like
when I said that Avilés was negotiating
to be a collaborator on Sálvame Jose
Antonio Avilés after being
left without a program due to the closure of
Viva la Vida will be the new collaborator
on Sálvame do you remember the exclusive when
I entered the CEO and it came true I'm going to
tell you what is rumored that is what they have
told me okay I think it's true that is what
I am going to say although it is
true but I could be wrong it is what they
tell me is that the reason why
Marta Riesgo would suddenly be so
lost is because very soon also if
you realize during
during this this tantrum this
tantrum that she has had on
social networks on more than one occasion she repeats
that Olga Moreno posed in a in a
magazine and posed at
Antonio Davis's birthday smiling when she was no longer  I
wasn't with him and Antonio had a
girlfriend
and they didn't invite her that Olga in an
exclusive laughed at the fact that they wanted to get
married
Marta
Marta says she wants the whole thing that she
wants to get married there's a little more
fat
Olga Moreno it's not that she's laughing at you as
such you're a bit of a character but Olga is on
the street opening the store the
paparazzi are bothering her with the whole thing
and they say to her hey you know that Antonio David and
Marta Riskos want to get married and she bursts out
laughing and she laughs because she
can't do anything else it's very it's very
funny the question is very funny the
question no but it's not that she's
laughing at you darling it's that you take it
personally very quickly no well what they're
telling me is that Marta's tantrum
is because very soon
very very very soon
we're going to see
Antonio David and Olga Moreno together in pictures again because it's not
that they're together no according to what they're
telling me it's not that they've gotten back together or
that there's any intention of getting back together or  nothing like that
in fact as I said at the
beginning of the extract Antonio David
uploaded the video yesterday from Marta's house
okay we'll see where he's doing the
live from today but apparently in the
last few days they were invited to a
celebration of mutual friends to which
of course Marta riesgo was not invited
I imagine that the shots will go
to the friendships from Malaga the groups
of friends of Olga and Antonio Davis that they
have from the neighborhood of their whole lives I
imagine that Evelyn Han goes around there to
Luque and so on and that some
good family event or some friends event must have come up whatever it is that
Diego said
I promise you I hadn't seen it in
Diego's live but oh well brutal but
well then if Diego said it I
also imagine that the information
will be more or less reliable okay let's go I
think it's true and also that it looks
like the same tantrum and I'm
going to remind you of another another episode I
remind you of the episode of Marta when she
came to the girl's pink limousine I'm going to
before putting the  reaction that
Marta Riesgo has had and not
only a reaction but she gives a series
of explanations right now just
a few minutes ago we were starting the
live on her Instagram account I put out
a tweet saying please someone
stop her she's unstoppable not as a
joke or anything else and she says and she
answers me I put out the tweet and she
answers okay and she says someone
stop me machismo in one sentence
machismo in one sentence what does
machismo have to do with it if I'm not telling you to
calm down because you're a woman a
man who insults me daily in his
videos that always gives off huanca huanca and
others go too far okay or at home it happens
a lot with Marta and he got into it with
her he comes and asks to speak to me
privately and when I tell him to talk to
his friend because he has publicly said
who he is or it seems wrong and here it seemed
wonderful to me because this is a YouTube it's
a well-known YouTube Marc and Loony and I have
managed to unite my two multiverses in
this discussion tweets have crossed
discussing Marc and Loony with Marta
Risks protagonists of salseros de la
kids with protagonists of the salsero
of the lordship should make a meme
with me of javi oliveira with
black hair like this and in front of javier / with
white hair even like the baby of
spiderman looking at each other because they have
coincided in the same multiverse shut
up ma'am this is twitter we want to
sleep
and Marta says nobody tells me to
shut up and less because I don't think like
you sexist but anyway let's see
what Marta has said risk
because I believe each one of her statements on her
instagram I hope she has
apologized it will surely be an apology let's
see what happened around here on my
swing because I wanted to clarify a series
of things that have been enough no no to
swing it has been swinging in the
last few hours the first when yesterday I
made this reflection on my instagram of
those phrases that about
oh that sounds the irrigation about the
comparisons that I have been suffering for
about nine months I think in eight or
nine months
a day came when suddenly well
things hurt you
especially when they are lies why do I
say this because I have always faced
between the  a multitude of criticisms that I have
had for having a relationship with who
you know that I have the criticism has always
been about the same thing, not that I wanted to be
famous, I wanted to be in the spotlight, I wanted to go on
reality shows, I wanted to go to a lot of
interviews, do exclusives, etc., etc.,
and me and I, more or less as I
could, I have tried to
let it be and continue with my work,
if you don't know, that's why if a
penny will say that I sprout Marta making
reflections, that is incompatible,
now of what Marta's reflections are
automatic like watering the terrace
in case someone has gone, I am a
reporter, I am an editor
and I am a journalist, right now I am
working it is already summer, the fact is that it
hurts me a lot when certain certain
twitter profiles make a
comparison between me and my partner's previous partner,
no, and they say to me yes, she was a
great lady, she so I don't know what, and you who
only look for the spotlight and you who only look for I do
n't know what, then it's sizes
because you think but if the only thing I have
done is say no to all the offers
that have been offered to me and continue
working
on everything that my
producer has considered that has not  had nothing to do
with making a screen or with giving my opinion about
my life or selling it I have been in
exactly the same position that I
was in before all this controversy
started and I have been there because that is what I
decided. That is why I decided not to go to
Survivor. That is why I decided not to go to the rest
of the reality shows that have been offered to me and that is why I
continue working so it
seems very unfair to me that every time they
talk about Marta you laugh things
about me let's
see the same thing I have a very bad memory
or maybe Marta has a bad memory
these people did not do an
exclusive in Semana magazine pretending
that they did not know that they were
photographing them and pretending that they are the
Cinderellas and the inquisitive prince
asked that maybe they were
wrong the people who defend de's
previous wife and there were some
photographs on the beach that did not
seem very stolen very stolen very
stolen and of Antonio David
against me talking about that yes I
am bad because I am delighted with
fame she is a great woman who
has not sought the limelight it is not
that I want to compare myself because the
comparisons  what are
you doing I'm simply saying that you should be
objective about me, look at what I
've done, I haven't done anything, I haven't
accepted anything even though I've had
everything in a very easy way,
only at the moment in which
I was related to him, I had everything
very easy, yes, what came from talking about my
private life and not working in an
editorial office but it's not the path that I chose I know
that there are many people who have a hard time
understanding it but it's not the
path that I chose then there
comes a day when
nine months have passed and you continue to resort to the
same thing that it tires you out and above all it
tires you out because you wonder if they are thinking
that about me because they are not making the
same evaluation of the other person
because with me they say that I have not
accepted anything and with the other person they
are being used as an example and they are being
told
very well you have put it to me in the
chamamé you have called her baby l h but yes she
was recounting minute by minute how
her relationship with Antonio David was,
of course she was like she didn't want anyone to
talk about her relationship but she was
talking for the  in the corridors of Telecinco I was
constantly giving all my colleagues
details of how the relationship was going
so that the rumor would spread.
Obviously because of the title they want
the rumor to spread, it's a secret that
you keep. I think that it has to be
kept a secret because this is on
TV. I'm one of those people who
thinks that what happens between two
adults doesn't have to be
known, nobody knows. Imagine if I
'm single, if I hook up with
someone or I'm sleeping with someone,
I don't have to go and tell a friend what does it
matter? The
things I do have gone my way, it makes no sense to me, it's not
even said to my partner, what
have you done, leaving one of them and
staying with another, such a saint, how
painful is that for a woman who has been
with him all this time,
putting up with everything that I have been able to put
up with, literally, the tantrum is because I did
n't criticize Olga. This woman doesn't
understand, she doesn't understand, literally,
you've hit the nail on the head, and literally
yes, literally, the
tantrum is because people don't criticize
Olga the same way they do her, the ones in tamales or
Well, Marta, keep behaving the way
you do and they'll keep criticizing
you and not Olga.
Kisses.